# Sentiment-Analysis
It involves the analyses of text data on users’ review of restaurants and sentiment 
analyses. It is based on a collection of reviews and accompanying star ratings from Yelp. To keep the  assignment task manageable, a sample of the original dataset (over 8 million reviews by over a million users for 160K+ businesses) will be used here. We will conduct an exploratory data analyses, examine the effectiveness of different sentiment ‘dictionaries’, and develop and evaluate predictive models to help identify sentiment polarity (negative, positive). 
The star ratings will be used here to indicate the sentiment label. For binary classification, we will need to convert the 1-5 scale ratings to {positive(1), negative(0)} values. 
(More details on the data are available from https://www.yelp.com/dataset)
The data was given in multiple json files (as detailed in the website mentioned above). The reviews data file contains the reviews and includes reviewID, businessID, businessName, the review text, star rating and other attributes. The business data file contains the businessName, businessID, address, categories (restaurants, beauty and salon, food, fitness, local services, etc.), various attributes of the business (free wifi, wheelchair access, parking, smoking allowed, operating hours, … etc). Note that a business can fall 
under multiple categories, and these are specified in different variables names Category1, Category2,…
We will consider reviews for restaurants. The data has been pre-processed to get the business type, review text, star rating, and how many users found this review to be cool, funny, useful, into a single file which you will use for the analyses. There are 45K rows in the sample file given.
